it was really good it was lots of fun i
must admit and it wasn't quite as
expecting it to be but it was that it's
actually really quite hard getting in
there and using the different things the
resistance in the water being cool
break
it was really fun and I think I can
totally clearly up the attraction to it
wise it will go and enjoy it at the same
time you're doing a lot of activities so
the Hydra discs were really good they
worked really hard under water they were
really good really easy to use the
deeper you went underwater the harder
they were and they really really worked
a rough body and the kickboard is
brilliant because it's really and
emphasizes one part of your body so this
really works on just your legs while you
give your arms a little bit of a rest
from Louisville the other
so the great thing about the Act the
dumbbells is that they're a little bit
opposite to what you use on land so you
want them to go deeper in the water
because they try and flow so you work in
sort of different muscles but it's
really good it's like resistance
training as well and again sort of the
deeper you go in the water the hard
things are so the mini kick board is
very similar to the big kick board it
really works your lower body and it's a
bit harder because it's a lot smaller so
you have to try and float a lot more on
it but it's a really good way to work
your legs so these are active left
they're brilliant for assistance
they're very similar to paddles which i
think i might take home and use one of
my training sessions back at home
they're really good for resistance and
an upper body work a great the technique
it's just a lil bit more
so this is the Aqua belt it's really
good for running in the water it really
tries to push you out so it's important
that you try and make sure you sink back
into the water they're brilliant for
resistance training again and I can get
really really difficult the deeper you
go in the water I really really enjoyed
agri fitness it was so much fun why
don't you go and try it too